Get rid of allow + -ing (#5045)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxButtonGroup/1 Configuration/selectedItemKeys.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Contains the keys of the selected buttons and allows to select buttons initially.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contains keys of selected buttons and allows you to specify initial button selection state.
```
